README.md, before:

# FRC Scouting Platform

[![Flutter version](https://img.shields.io/badge/Flutter-v3.3.8-blue)](https://flutter.dev/docs/development/tools/sdk/releases)
[![Dart version](https://img.shields.io/badge/Dart-v2.18.4-blue)](https://dart.dev/)

A simple and easy-to-use scouting platform for FRC competitions, built with Flutter. This app allows FRC teams to collect and analyze scouting data during competitions.

## Features

- Record data for individual matches, including scores, balancing metrics, and various other stats for each team
- View and analyze match data in real-time to make informed decisions about alliance selection and game strategy
- Store data securely on a scanning device and export it for future use

## Getting Started

To get started with this app, follow these steps:

1. Install Flutter and Dart on your machine
2. Clone this repository using `git clone https://github.com/Simbotics/2023-Scouting-Platform.git`
3. Run `flutter pub get` to install dependencies
4. Run the app using `flutter run` command

## Documentation

You can find documentation for both our [Schedule Generator](https://github.com/Simbotics/Scouting-Platform-Schedule-Generator) and this project [here](https://scouting-platform.ian-tapply.me/en/latest/)

## Contributing

Contributions are always welcome! If you have an idea for a feature or want to report a bug, please open an issue on this repository.

If you want to contribute code, please fork this repository and create a pull request with your changes.

## License

This project is licensed under the [BSD-3-Clause License](https://github.com/Simbotics/2023-Scouting-Platform/blob/master/LICENSE).

Commit message:

Update README.md to include build steps

README.md, after:

# FRC Scouting Platform

[![Flutter version](https://img.shields.io/badge/Flutter-v3.3.8-blue)](https://flutter.dev/docs/development/tools/sdk/releases)
[![Dart version](https://img.shields.io/badge/Dart-v2.18.4-blue)](https://dart.dev/)

A simple and easy-to-use scouting platform for FRC competitions, built with Flutter. This app allows FRC teams to collect and analyze scouting data during competitions.

## Features

- Record data for individual matches, including scores, balancing metrics, and various other stats for each team
- View and analyze match data in real-time to make informed decisions about alliance selection and game strategy
- Store data securely on a scanning device and export it for future use

## Getting Started

To get started with this app and run it, follow these steps:

1. Install Flutter and Dart on your machine
2. Clone this repository using `git clone https://github.com/Simbotics/2023-Scouting-Platform.git`
3. Run `flutter pub get` to install dependencies
4. Run the app using `flutter run` command

To build the app, follow these steps:

1. Install Flutter and Dart on your machine
2. Clone this repository using `git clone https://github.com/Simbotics/2023-Scouting-Platform.git`
3. Run `flutter pub get` to install dependencies
4. Run the build process by using `flutter build apk --target-platform android-arm --profile`

## Documentation

You can find documentation for both our [Schedule Generator](https://github.com/Simbotics/Scouting-Platform-Schedule-Generator) and this project [here](https://scouting-platform.ian-tapply.me/en/latest/)

## Contributing

Contributions are always welcome! If you have an idea for a feature or want to report a bug, please open an issue on this repository.

If you want to contribute code, please fork this repository and create a pull request with your changes.

## License

This project is licensed under the [BSD-3-Clause License](https://github.com/Simbotics/2023-Scouting-Platform/blob/master/LICENSE).
